README.md, before:

# Open Science Demo Calls

*A monthly [google hangout](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ) to show off some of the fantastic projects built by members of the OHBM Open Science community*.

### What are Demo Calls?

Demo calls are a chance to hear from the developers of open neuroimaging tools: resources you may use (or want to use), but don't know much about. Why did a developer make a tool, and make it openly available? What was their process for creating it? How do they see it being used? How do they hope it will grow in the future? How can **you** get involved?

Demo calls are a great chance to find out about tools and initiatives (both old and new) you may not have heard of yet. The open neuroimaging community is great and growing every day. We'll use these calls to build connections between all members of the OHBM Open Science community and to tell the stories of the people making outstanding and reproducible neuroscience happen.

### When do they take place?

Demo calls happen (usually) on the last Thursday of the month at 7pm GMT.

Our next call will be [live on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrX5IZH3aIM) on [Thursday 22nd March 2018, 7pm GMT](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20180322T190000&p1=tz_gmt)!

### Where can I find them?

The calls will be livestreamed on YouTube from the [OHBM OpenScience Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ).

### Can I catch up with previous calls?

Yes! The recordings are archived on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ) and you can also find some useful links at the call reports on the OHBM blog.

* [February call recap](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/february-ohbm-open-science-demo-call)
* [January call recap](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/introducing-the-ohbm-open-science-demo-calls)

### How do I stay in touch?

Please join the [OSSIG google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?nomobile=true#!forum/open-hbm-notices) to receive reminders each month!

You can also add the [OSSIG google calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=open.hbm%40gmail.com) to your own calendar to remind you when events are happening. Here's the iCal link: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/open.hbm%40gmail.com/public/basic.ics and here's a [helpful how to guide](https://www.lifewire.com/how-to-import-ics-calendar-files-in-ical-1172177).

### How do I appear on a future demo call?

To nominate yourself, or someone else, to speak on a future demo call, please comment at this [Guest Suggestions issue](https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls/issues/7) or send an email to Kirstie Whitaker at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk).

Commit message:

Add in info about March guests

README.md, after:

# Open Science Demo Calls

*A monthly [google hangout](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ) to show off some of the fantastic projects built by members of the OHBM Open Science community*.

### What are Demo Calls?

Demo calls are a chance to hear from the developers of open neuroimaging tools: resources you may use (or want to use), but don't know much about. Why did a developer make a tool, and make it openly available? What was their process for creating it? How do they see it being used? How do they hope it will grow in the future? How can **you** get involved?

Demo calls are a great chance to find out about tools and initiatives (both old and new) you may not have heard of yet. The open neuroimaging community is great and growing every day. We'll use these calls to build connections between all members of the OHBM Open Science community and to tell the stories of the people making outstanding and reproducible neuroscience happen.

### When do they take place?

Demo calls happen (usually) on the last Thursday of the month at 7pm GMT.

Our next call will be [live on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrX5IZH3aIM) on [Thursday 22nd March 2018, 7pm GMT](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20180322T190000&p1=tz_gmt)!

This month, we'll be hearing from Eleftherios Garyfallidis about [DIPY](http://nipy.org/dipy/), Tim van Mourik about [Porcupine](https://timvanmourik.github.io/Porcupine/), and Malin Sandström about [INCF](https://www.incf.org/) and its role as a mentor organization for [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/).

### Where can I find them?

The calls will be livestreamed on YouTube from the [OHBM OpenScience Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ).

### Can I catch up with previous calls?

Yes! The recordings are archived on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ) and you can also find some useful links at the call reports on the OHBM blog.

* [February call recap](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/february-ohbm-open-science-demo-call)
* [January call recap](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/introducing-the-ohbm-open-science-demo-calls)

### How do I stay in touch?

Please join the [OSSIG google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?nomobile=true#!forum/open-hbm-notices) to receive reminders each month!

You can also add the [OSSIG google calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=open.hbm%40gmail.com) to your own calendar to remind you when events are happening. Here's the iCal link: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/open.hbm%40gmail.com/public/basic.ics and here's a [helpful how to guide](https://www.lifewire.com/how-to-import-ics-calendar-files-in-ical-1172177).

### How do I appear on a future demo call?

To nominate yourself, or someone else, to speak on a future demo call, please comment at this [Guest Suggestions issue](https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls/issues/7) or send an email to Kirstie Whitaker at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk).
