guides/GuideForGuests.md, before:

# Guide for Guests

Firstly, THANK YOU so much for agreeing to appear on our Open Science demo calls!!

We are so so excited to highlight all of the amazing work that's happening in the OHBM Open Science community, but we couldn't do it without you giving up your time to join the calls. Thank you.

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/11sBLVxNs7v6WA/giphy.gif)

This guide should talk you through what you need to know to prepare for the call. But you can always send an email to Kirstie Whitaker at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk) if you need any clarification.

---

***tl;dr: [test your google hangout connection](#test-your-google-hangouts-connection) in advance, complete [this google form](https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193) in advance, join the google hangout 5 mins early & have fun*** :sparkles:

---

### What to expect

The Open Science demo call will start at **7pm GMT** and finish at 7:30pm GMT. We're aiming for a short but sweet taster of your project and aim to "always leave them wanting more" :wink:

There will only be four of us on the call: your host [Kirstie Whitaker](https://github.com/KirstieJane), two other guests, and yourself. We'll connect via [Google Hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com/) so please make sure you have a google account and that you're using a browser compatible with hangouts (at time of writing, [Firefox does not support Google Hangouts](https://gsuiteupdates.googleblog.com/2017/02/google-hangouts-temporary-issues-with-firefox.html?m=1) but Chrome (unsurprisingly) does).

The call will be [live streamed on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ). People watching will be able to ask questions at the OHBM Open Science channel and we can answer them either verbally during the call or as replies via the live chat. In an ideal situation we'll have more questions than we can address in the call, so please feel free to answer questions about your project via the live chat while the other guests are being interviewed.

During the call Kirstie will ask you a few questions about your project. They're described in more detail below, but the most important point is to stay high level, personal and fun. We'd like these demo calls to focus on you (and your team) as the **people** behind the projects, and to tell some of the stories that are difficult to learn from git commit messages alone.

The video will be archived on YouTube and we will post a copy to the [OHBM blog](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/) along  with a few links and details about your project.

### Before the call

#### Test your google hangouts connection

This is a little bit of a hassle, but it is not uncommon for people to have some technical challenges connecting and being heard on the google hangouts call. Please coordinate with the host to test your connection **on the computer you're going to use for the call** in advance of the call.

You'll receive a a google calendar invite in advance of the call with the specific hangouts link you'll need to join for the call. You can either try connecting through that link with your host, or simply creating your own hangout and test with a friend or family member to ensure your setup works.

Smart phones with the hangouts app installed are a good backup so we recommend having one with you when you join the call if you can.

#### Questions on the call

During the call, your host will ask some combinations of the following questions:

* Your name
* Name of the project
* Project website(s)
* What problem is your project trying to solve?
* How did you get started with the project?
* Who else is working on the project? Does it link up with any other open projects?
* What is fun about the project?
* How can someone get involved? What do you need help with?

We'd like to also highlight ***how openness has enabled or strengthened the project***. Please think about how your answers to the questions above can cover this goal (without needing an explicit "what in your project is open" question).

If there are any questions you'd particularly like the host to ask, please let her know in advance.

#### Details for the OHBM blog

After the call we will archive the YouTube video on the [OHBM blog](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/). In advance of the call please complete [this google form](https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193) with the following information:

* Your name
* A link to more information about you
* A picture of you
* Name of the project
* Project website(s)
* 1 sentence about the project
* 1 sentence about how someone can get involved (including contact information)

The structure of the blog will be three introductory sentences, the video, and then bullet points with the information above for the three guest projects. We'd like to turn this around very quickly, so please try to provide the sentences in advance rather than after the call. Here's the google form link again: https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193

### During the call

***Please join the call 5 minutes before the offical start time so we're all ready to go!***

The call will start with a brief welcome, and then we'll jump into the conversations. These should last between 8 and 10 minutes. Your host will contact you in advance to discuss the running order.

#### Sharing your screen

It's very easy to share your screen from within Google Hangouts, and this might be a really great way to orient our viewers to your project. You could navigate to the project webpage, or showcase an example.

You do not need to prepare a presentation for this call. In fact, we'd prefer that you didn't! It will be much more fun to see your face when you're describing the project. We're confident that you know an awful lot about it and don't need the slides. However, if there are some images or information on a website that would particularly help to describe your project goals to our audience, then feel free to have them ready to share on your screen.

#### Additional guests

It is very likely that your project is a collaborative endeavor. If you'd like to invite other representatives of the project to the call that's absolutely fine, just remember that we don't have a huge amount of time, so probably more than three people per project will be difficult to wrangle efficiently.

The additional guests can either be in the same place as you (and therefore connect on the same screen) or they can join the google hangout individually.

#### Asking and answering questions

Google Hangouts does not allow more than 10 people to join a call at one time, which is why our audience will mostly be watching on YouTube and asking questions via live chat. You'll be there the whole time, so ***please join in to ask questions of your fellow guests***. You do not need to sit silently and watch Kirstie chat with each guest in turn! You're very welcome to ask your own questions :smiley:

Although Kirstie will try to monitor the live chat, it would also be very helpful if the guests who are not currently being interviewed could monitor the chat and verbalise those questions on the hangout. You don't have to, but multi-tasking is sometimes a tough job and any assistance will be greatly appreciated.

Note that it is not your job to moderate the chat. The host of the call is responsible for finding a buddy who will monitor the live chat and hide any comments that violate our code of conduct.

### After the call

If you've completed the google form with information about the project then you don't need to do anything! Just sit back and wait for a bunch of new contributors :sparkles:

We'd love for you to share the blog post with your networks and to watch along the future calls, and if you have any feedback please share it either as an issue at our [GitHub repostitory](https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls) or by email to Kirstie at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk).

***Thank you again for helping to grow and inspire the OHBM Open Science community.***

Commit message:

Update GuideforGuests to match guest email
Also, updates the suggestion of watching the live chat to better reflect current practice-- that the moderator will be copying over questions !

guides/GuideForGuests.md, after:

# Guide for Guests

Firstly, THANK YOU so much for agreeing to appear on our Open Science demo calls!!

We are so so excited to highlight all of the amazing work that's happening in the OHBM Open Science community, but we couldn't do it without you giving up your time to join the calls. Thank you.

![](https://media.giphy.com/media/11sBLVxNs7v6WA/giphy.gif)

This guide should talk you through what you need to know to prepare for the call. But you can always send an email to Kirstie Whitaker at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk) if you need any clarification.

---

***tl;dr: [test your google hangout connection](#test-your-google-hangouts-connection) in advance, complete [this google form](https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193) in advance, join the google hangout 10 mins early & have fun*** :sparkles:

---

### What to expect

The Open Science demo call will start at **7pm GMT** and finish at 7:30pm GMT. We're aiming for a short but sweet taster of your project and aim to "always leave them wanting more" :wink:

There will only be four of us on the call: your host [Kirstie Whitaker](https://github.com/KirstieJane), two other guests, and yourself. We'll connect via [Google Hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com/) so please make sure you have a google account and that you're using a browser compatible with hangouts (at time of writing, [Firefox does not support Google Hangouts](https://gsuiteupdates.googleblog.com/2017/02/google-hangouts-temporary-issues-with-firefox.html?m=1) but Chrome (unsurprisingly) does).

The call will be [live streamed on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChvSitFvqGDeA1y7MJs4CGQ). People watching will be able to ask questions at the OHBM Open Science channel and we can answer them either verbally during the call or as replies via the live chat. In an ideal situation we'll have more questions than we can address in the call, so please feel free to answer questions about your project via the live chat while the other guests are being interviewed.

During the call Kirstie will ask you a few questions about your project. They're described in more detail below, but the most important point is to stay high level, personal and fun. We'd like these demo calls to focus on you (and your team) as the **people** behind the projects, and to tell some of the stories that are difficult to learn from git commit messages alone.

The video will be archived on YouTube and we will post a copy to the [OHBM blog](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/) along  with a few links and details about your project.

### Before the call

#### Test your google hangouts connection

This is a little bit of a hassle, but it is not uncommon for people to have some technical challenges connecting and being heard on the google hangouts call. Please coordinate with the host to test your connection **on the computer you're going to use for the call** in advance of the call.

You'll receive a a google calendar invite in advance of the call with the specific hangouts link you'll need to join for the call. You can either try connecting through that link with your host, or simply creating your own hangout and test with a friend or family member to ensure your setup works.

Smart phones with the hangouts app installed are a good backup so we recommend having one with you when you join the call if you can.

#### Questions on the call

During the call, your host will ask some combinations of the following questions:

* Your name
* Name of the project
* Project website(s)
* What problem is your project trying to solve?
* How did you get started with the project?
* Who else is working on the project? Does it link up with any other open projects?
* What is fun about the project?
* How can someone get involved? What do you need help with?

We'd like to also highlight ***how openness has enabled or strengthened the project***. Please think about how your answers to the questions above can cover this goal (without needing an explicit "what in your project is open" question).

If there are any questions you'd particularly like the host to ask, please let her know in advance.

#### Details for the OHBM blog

After the call we will archive the YouTube video on the [OHBM blog](https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/). In advance of the call please complete [this google form](https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193) with the following information:

* Your name
* A link to more information about you
* A picture of you
* Name of the project
* Project website(s)
* 1 sentence about the project
* 1 sentence about how someone can get involved (including contact information)

The structure of the blog will be three introductory sentences, the video, and then bullet points with the information above for the three guest projects. We'd like to turn this around very quickly, so please try to provide the sentences in advance rather than after the call. Here's the google form link again: https://goo.gl/forms/3foIuNP9G7kmCW193

### During the call

***Please join the call 10 minutes before the offical start time so we're all ready to go!***

The call will start with a brief welcome, and then we'll jump into the conversations. These should last between 8 and 10 minutes. Your host will contact you in advance to discuss the running order.

#### Sharing your screen

It's very easy to share your screen from within Google Hangouts, and this might be a really great way to orient our viewers to your project. You could navigate to the project webpage, or showcase an example.

You do not need to prepare a presentation for this call. In fact, we'd prefer that you didn't! It will be much more fun to see your face when you're describing the project. We're confident that you know an awful lot about it and don't need the slides. However, if there are some images or information on a website that would particularly help to describe your project goals to our audience, then feel free to have them ready to share on your screen.

#### Additional guests

It is very likely that your project is a collaborative endeavor. If you'd like to invite other representatives of the project to the call that's absolutely fine, just remember that we don't have a huge amount of time, so probably more than three people per project will be difficult to wrangle efficiently.

The additional guests can either be in the same place as you (and therefore connect on the same screen) or they can join the google hangout individually.

#### Asking and answering questions

Google Hangouts does not allow more than 10 people to join a call at one time, which is why our audience will mostly be watching on YouTube and asking questions via live chat. You'll be there the whole time, so ***please join in to ask questions of your fellow guests***. You do not need to sit silently and watch Kirstie chat with each guest in turn! You're very welcome to ask your own questions :smiley:

Note that it is not your job to moderate the chat.
The host of the call is responsible for finding a buddy who will monitor the live chat and hide any comments that violate our code of conduct.
The moderator will also be copying questions over to the Hangouts chat to make it easier for you to answer them.
Feel free to verbalize these in addition to your own questions!

### After the call

If you've completed the google form with information about the project then you don't need to do anything! Just sit back and wait for a bunch of new contributors :sparkles:

We'd love for you to share the blog post with your networks and to watch along the future calls, and if you have any feedback please share it either as an issue at our [GitHub repostitory](https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls) or by email to Kirstie at [kw401@cam.ac.uk](mailto:kw401@cam.ac.uk).

***Thank you again for helping to grow and inspire the OHBM Open Science community.***
